# What would Alan Watts say if he were here with us today?

> “This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.”

### Idea	
Generate an essay leveraging Alan Watts' writing style and synthesized voiceover. Create a philosobot for live Q & A. 

### Data/Labels
Alan Watts lectures posted on Youtube and Spotify. Essays and books found on the internet.
- 

### Phases:
- I Text generation
- II Voice synthesis
- III YouTube / Spotify
- IV Bot

### Phase I - Text Generation - Steps
1. Download training data for both voice and text
2. Transcribe existing audio / video files
3. Trim and combine
4. Create a RNN (?)
5. Evaluate

### Phase II - Voice Synthesis - Steps
1. Download training data for both voice and text
2. Set up daaset structure
    - original recordings
    - wavs, mp3
    - transcripts
    - mel spectograms
    - matadata.csv
3. Split recordings into audio clips
4. Auto transcribe clips (?)
5. Create metadata files (?)
6. Get mel spectrograms
7. Train Tacotron 2 & WaveGlow models
8. Evaluate

#### Libraries
- [Autosub](https://github.com/abhirooptalasila/AutoSub) and Mozilla's DeepSpeech for generating transcripts
- [Tacotron2 and Waveglow 2.0 for voice synthesis](https://github.com/NVIDIA/DeepLearningExamples/tree/master/PyTorch/SpeechSynthesis/Tacotron2)

#### Materials
- https://jaimeleal.github.io/how-to-speech-synthesis

### Final Solution
Synthesized voice over an autogenerated text sample about the state of the modern world posted on YouTube, followed by a Philosobot for live interaction. Covered in Medium, shared on LinkedIn. Repository open to public.
